I told you earlier.
I gave up because I didn't want to talk to you.
Have you ever been a girl?
I'm a cherry blossom.
Cherry blossom?
I'm not a cherry blossom.
I'm a flower.
Have you ever been a girl?
I'm not a girl.
I'm a man.
C'mon...
This is how you do it.
I'm not a girl.
I'm not single.
Don't be so naive.
I'm not a family man who is not satisfied with whatever I do.
Why are you trying so hard to do that?
Hey!
You...
You can't get out if you do!
Hey, do you think I'm going out with you?
See if you'll do it.
I'm scared of和 being out there and out there.
Do you think you have a position in innovation?
What is it?
Are you a punk?
I said,
You're a man who brings one thing from the ground.
There are many women.
You should be careful.
If you're hungry,
and you're being carried by others,
I'll call you.
When you come out,
I'll be fine.
Then you can take your time.
I see.
I'll ask for anything.
I'm going to ask you.
Where am I?
I'll ask for anything.
I'll ask you.
You're a man who brings one thing from the ground.
I see.
I'll ask for anything.
Where are you from?
I'm from Wakamachi.
I don't know if you remember this,
but for the first time ever...
...for the first time,
I was asked for you
by the government.
I was asking because we were using our
money or the moneyifiques' money.
You don't have to date,
but you ask for money,
I'm sorry. I'm not ready to pay you back.
I'm sorry. I'll be right back.
What? You?
Yes, it's me.
How old are you?
I'm 63.
63?
23?
That's my daughter.
Oh, my daughter.
I'd like to ask you something.
I'm going to take a bath. I'm not ready to pay you back.
I'm sorry. I'll be right back.
I'm not ready to pay you back.
But I'm sorry.
My mother is a great woman.
I'm sorry.